Privacy Policy
Please read this policy to understand what information  Quotes Creator  App and other website collects and how we use it. This policy concern quotes creator application and other website. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at via email at ase.mob748@gmail.com.



1. Advertising
Quotes Creator App show advertisements. For these advertisements, we use third party services. These services collect data about your device (e.g. your IP address) and how you interact with advertisements. Further, these services use technologies that work similar to cookies, in particular, advertising IDs. This data can be used to determine your approximate geographic location and to display interest-based advertisements. The services used for the display of advertisements in our app are below. For more information about their privacy practices and opt-out possibilities regarding data processing and targeted advertising, please visit the links below. 
AdMob 
AdMob is an advertising service provided by Google LLC. 
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads 

Facebook 
Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Facebook. 
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation

2. Information We Collect and How We Use it ?
When you use Quotes Creator Application or Web site, we may ask you to provide personal information, such as your name, e-mail address etc. We use this personal information to communicate with you, to inform and take contact with you. The information may also be used in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding unauthorized use of the Services. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use. We also collect anonymous, non-personal information, such as your IP address, OS version, device details like, device model, advertising identifier and similar information etc.the type of browser you use, your browser’s language, your web request and the date and time of your request. Such information does not identify you individually. Non-personal information can be used, for example, in marketing, auditing, to provide or to improve our services and also to develop new services.
3. Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

4. Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

5. Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

6. Camera and Photos
Our services access your device's camera and gallery to enable photo/video taking and editing functionalities. With your consent, we access your device's camera and photos.

7. Information Sharing
Except as noted below, Quotes Creator does not share your personal information with third parties unless you give us your permission. We only shares personal information with third parties in the following circumstances. In order to provide products or services you have requested; We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this policy; There are other instances in which we may divulge your personal information, such as when required by law, regulation, or litigation. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance. If Quotes Creator becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Quotes Creator may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Please note that this privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policy, we will post a new policy on our site and update the "last updated" date set forth above.



8. Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.